[both grunting]
[Yoko] Thank goodness Lucien's back
to himself again.
He smells like a summer day.
Just like he usually does.
[King] That was definitely Dark Schneider.
I'm glad you're okay.
[man] It looks like Kevidubu was defeated.
[tense music playing]
[ninja] Master Gara,
what was that powerful aura?
Oh, that was the Venom spell.
So it appears that it's true.
Dark Schneider came back to life.
Fifteen years ago,
he lead four of us to conquer the world.
The war between the four kingdoms
went on for four years.
There's no one stronger
than Dark Schneider.
[ninja] So then
why isn't Dark Schneider helping us?
From what I can tell,
it seems like he's trying
to defend the kingdom.
[ninja gasping]
Right.
It's our job to find out
exactly why he's defending them.
[ninja] But what happens if Dark Schneider
chooses to fight against us
instead of joining us?
He'll be the greatest enemy
we've ever faced. I guarantee it.
And I tell you here and now,
if anyone tries to get in our way,
I don't care who you are,
my father, my brother, my friend,
then I, the one and only ninja master,
Gara, along with my dark ninja army
will be here and ready to take your life.
Just who do you think you are?
Strangers aren't allowed here.
[Gara] Scatter!
Hold it! Stay where you are, cowards!
You won't escape!
Murasame Blade! Majinken!
[blade slicing]
[soldiers screaming]
Too easy.
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[priest groaning]
The dark clouds are still spreading.
They have been blocking out
the sunlight for days.
This isn't good.
[priest] Uh, Master Geo, you said
they're trying to resurrect the demon god.
Are you certain about that?
When our society was at it's peak
several centuries ago,
the God of Destruction, Anthrasax,
almost completely wiped out humanity.
Today,
Anthrasax is sealed away by four seals.
If the first seal is broken,
the demon god will awaken from stasis
and create dark clouds on the horizon.
That's what's written
in the ancient texts.
The seals are guarded
by the four royal families,
all of whom have ancient blood.
The first seal has been guarded
by the Judas family for generations.
Clearly the first seal has been broken,
meaning the human race
could face annihilation.
-[priests mumuring]
-How can this be happening?
I can't believe someone would try
to bring the demon god back to life!
Only Kall-Su is evil enough to do this!
I'm sure
the other three must be aiding him.
[Yoko] Kall-Su?
Um, Father?
What kind of person is Kall-Su?
He's an evil sorcerer
and one of Dark Schneider's close friends.
He was one of his four senior disciples.
Fifteen years ago,
he fought alongside Dark Schneider
in the war.
And his magic is just as powerful too.
-Some say it's even more powerful.
-[footsteps echoing]
[Kall-Su] Abigail! Where's Abigail?
[man] He's inside the dungeon temple.
[Kall-Su] He's inside?
Yes, but he said no one must enter.
[ominous music playing]
[doors thudding heavily]
[Kall-Su] So tell me, how is our god?
[chuckling]
Kall-Su, do you hear it?
The heartbeat is strong.
Our wonderful God of Destruction
is the most powerful
among the demon gods of yore.
Created by the almighty ancient magic
of the old world.
The heartbeat is a sign
that Anthrasax's return is approaching.
Judas Castle had the first seal here
where this underground temple is located.
Tomorrow, we will attack Meta-llicana.
They are guarding the second seal.
[Anthrasax's heart beating]
[Abigail] If we conquer
the two remaining kingdoms,
then we'll have broken
all four of the seals.
Our demon god will fully awaken.
[cackling]
I can't wait to see Anthrasax's
tremendous power awaken once again.
A great wave of destruction
will be sent across the land.
Yes.
What did you say?
You want Lucien
to be Dark Schneider again?
Uh, that sorcerer and Hydra were probably
just troops they sent ahead as a warning.
You must understand,
the army that conquered Judas Castle
will surely arrive in our kindgom soon,
and we don't stand a chance.
The only one capable of beating them--
Wha…? No! Stop!
Don't even think about it. No way!
We just had that big incident
with him the other day.
B-but this is the only way
we could possibly--
No! That's not fair to Lucien at all!
He can't just transform when you want.
We're not your tools.
I won't let you turn him
into Dark Schneider again.
We've pushed too hard,
and now she's put her guard up.
Hmm. However, she's correct
that bringing him back is risky.
Yoko, what's the matter?
Is everything okay?
Don't cry. It can't be that bad, right?
-[Yoko sighing]
-[Lucien grunting]
[Yoko] What's wrong with them?
They're all so selfish!
Don't they realize
how embarrassing all of this is for me?
My first kiss…
And now I have to do it again?
A maiden's kiss isn't some toy
for them to play with.
[Lucien] Hey, Yoko?
[Yoko] Hmm?
What are you doing? Can we play now?
Hey, listen.
I have a lot on my mind right now, okay?
Can you just be quiet?
No, 'cause it's time to play.
-[whimsical music playing]
-[both laughing]
Come on! Quit playing around!
You're just like a puppy.
Go sit over there for now.
Maybe I'll just go do the laundry.
You know, I really like doing the wash.
Good for you! Just go!
[Lucien grunting]
[Yoko sighing]
He's just so clueless.
CONGRATULATIONS
ON YOUR FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL
[Yoko] Oh, Lucien.
You're so lucky
you've got nothing to worry about.
Well, that would be nice. I'm jealous.
[boy] Hey, Lucien!
[Yoko gasping]
[boy] You're so stupid!
Dumb, little laundry boy.
-[Yoko] Hey, you jerks! Stop that!
-[boys jeering]
Oh, here comes Yoko.
Wow. She's rowdy today.
-[boy 2] Run away!
-[boys laughing]
Stay away from him!
You know, Lucien's actually--
Hey! Are you listening to me?
[whimsical music playing]
Well, I'm gonna go start the laundry.
Sometimes it's so disappointing
to see you like this.
I mean, you're just so different
when you're Dark Schneider.
[Lucien] Hmm?
[Yoko gasping]
Whoever Lucien loves,
I love them as well.
♪ Doing the wash, doing the wash ♪
-♪ I so love doing the wash ♪
-[Yoko] I… [sighing]
-[Lucien] ♪ Sorting the clothes… ♪
-[Yoko] I…
[dramatic music playing]
[crickets chirping]
[Lucien snoring]
[Yoko] Which is the better Lucien?
[Dark Schneider] I am Lucien. I swear it.
[Yoko] You're not him.
Maybe I was too hard on him before.
[Yoko chuckling]
You're like a little chick.
I can't believe you and Dark Schneider
are supposedly the same person.
If Dark Schneider
really is Lucien's true form,
then who is this version of Lucien
I've grown up with all these years?
I guess I don't know what to think.
Oh, Lucien. Just who are you?
[Lucien moaning]
Laundry… mine…
[Yoko chuckling]
[Yoko] I guess Lucien is Lucien.
[Yoko sighing] I won't let him turn into
Dark Schneider anymore.
Even though we're about to go to war.
[dramatic music playing]
Hurry, men!
An emergency summons has been issued.
[Sheila] When we discovered Kall-Su's
evil plot to resurrect the demon god,
our castle grew restless.
[indistinct chatter]
The time has come.
We'll show the world we fight
with honor and strength.
[Sheila] Meta-llicana
is in the midst of a crisis
we've never experienced before.
And it's not only Meta-llicana,
the entire human race will be in danger
if they resurrect Anthrasax.
This is something
that will affect all of the kingdoms.
And yet I'm so shaken
by something so small.
I…
I cannot believe
I saw that man naked twice.
He is never clothed
when he appears before us.
He's arrogant, wild, free.
He's Tia Noto Yoko's personal sorcerer.
[Sheila grunting]
He's just for her.
[soldier] Did you hear about it?
There's a huge army of demi-humans
right at the border of our kingdom.
They've got orcs, goblins,
and even creepy lizard-men from the bogs.
I've also heard they've got some gigantic
monsters like those Hydra from today.
Do you think
our forces can win on their own?
If not, what will happen to our kingdom?
-[Gara] Your kingdom will fall.
-[soldiers gasping]
[Gara] Unless,
of course, you surrender to us.
Who… who the hell are you?
[soldiers gasping, grunting]
Oh no. Ninjas.
[soldier screaming]
[ominous music playing]
[Yoko gasping]
Who are you? What are you doing here?
You should know who I am.
I'm Ninja Master--
[grunting, groaning]
-[Yoko grunting]
-[Gara grunting]
-[Yoko shouting]
[glass shattering]
I said, who are you?
[Gara groaning]
[Gara chuckling]
Young lady,
you have got quite the strong kick.
[Yoko gasping]
I think you and I
got off on the wrong foot.
I'm Gara,
one of the rebel four heavenly kings,
and there's something important
I need to ask you, young lady.
You're the daughter of the Great Priest,
aren't you, Miss Yoko?
[Yoko grunting]
[Gara] Tell me, where's
the reincarnation of Dark Schneider?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, aren't you the stubborn girl.
[Lucien snoring]
[Gara] You do know
that Venom is one of Dark Schneider's
original spells, correct?
And I heard
the Hydra got killed by a golem.
Golems can only be controlled
by the person who summons them.
You understand?
[Yoko grunting]
Dark Schneider
has been brought back to life.
But what I don't understand is why
he's choosing to protect this kingdom.
He stopped two invasions already.
It doesn't make sense.
Why is he doing this?
[Yoko] This man wants
to get Dark Schneider back on his side.
Just tell me where he is.
Don't be stubborn.
If you don't tell me, I'll make you pay.
Damn you.
[cackling]
[Yoko shrieking]
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Don't even think about touching me,
you disgusting lech!
Hey. What's going on? [groaning]
[Yoko] Oh no.
If he realizes Dark Schneider
is sealed away inside Lucien…
Uh, nothing's going on.
Just go back to sleep, okay?
Okay.
[Lucien groaning]
-[Yoko sighing]
-[Gara] All right.
Now you will tell me the truth, won't you?
-Stop being so stubborn…
-Hey. Stop that!
[Gara] …or else I'll have fun.
-[Yoko shuddering]
-[Gara] Come on. [cackling]
[Yoko straining]
-Stop, now!
-[Lucien gasping]
-[Gara] What?
-[Yoko gasping]
Gara, stop!
Oh, I know that voice.
[Yoko gasping]
Yoko is my woman.
If you touch her again, I'll kill you!
-D-Dark Schneider!
-[hard rock music playing]
Is it you?
[gasping] No way.
How did-- How could you have…
[chuckling]
You've broken the seal two times.
And the more you break it,
the weaker it becomes.
While Lucien sleeps, I'm in control.
It won't be long
before I'm in control all the time.
[Gara] No way.
He was sealed inside a child.
-[knocking on door]
-[Geo] Yoko! Yoko!
[Geo grunting]
Yoko, are you all right?
[Gara groaning, whistling]
[all grunting]
[all gasping]
-[monk] What's that? A wyvern?
-[wyvern growling]
[Gara cackling]
[Gara] Great Priest, Geo Noto Soto,
I'm taking your daughter!
If you want to see her again,
bring me Dark Schneider!
What the… Is this seriously happening?
-Yoko!
-[monks] Miss Yoko!
[high-pitched whirring]
[high-pitched whirring stops]
[Geo] Yoko!
[wind whooshing]
[Yoko straining]
Let go! [efforting]
Stop squirming, would you?
You're going to fall.
Where exactly are you taking me?
-[Yoko grunting]
-Calm down, girl.
We're almost to our destination.
Look there! Can you see it?
[Yoko gasping]
[Gara] It's my ninja fortress.
What's that?
Miss Yoko was kidnapped by a ninja?
[Head Priest] Did he find out the truth
about Dark Schneider?
[priest] He was trying
to get him to join his side.
It's fine.
Thankfully,
Lucien Renlen was able to escape.
We've avoided the worst-case scenario.
Can I go back to bed now, please?
[priests sighing]
This is extremely concerning.
I am sorry
about your daughter, Geo Noto Soto.
Do you have any idea where they went?
Let's get a squad together to rescue her.
We can't. She was taken by ninjas.
The only person
who knows where their base is…
[Lucien yawning]
Hey. Where did Yoko go?
Is she coming back soon?
Except, the only person capable
of breaking his seal is Madam Tia.
Hmm. To find a virgin maiden
who also knows magic,
that may not be possible.
-[Sheila] There's always me.
-[all gasping]
[King] Sheila!
The Great Priest is teaching me.
I've been learning white magic
from him for a while now.
[all gasping]
Yes! That's a perfect idea!
Are you sure, Princess Sheila?
You…
you need a virgin maiden's kiss.
That's true, isn't it?
[Lucien] Hmm?
I'll do my best to perform the spell.
No, no, no!
I will not allow it! I won't!
In the royal family,
a kiss is a sign of marriage!
-We can't just--
-It's important!
Yoko has worked hard for this kingdom,
and now she's the one in danger!
I simply can't just stand by
and do nothing
when I have the power to help her!
No wonder the princess is so beloved
by all of our people.
She speaks with such courage
and caring for her subjects.
[all sobbing]
Sheila, no!
You are a noble maiden
from a royal family.
You cannot give away your kiss
to this evil man!
We must stop him from getting worked up.
One of you,
take the old king to is bedroom.
[all] Sir.
[King grunting]
Let go of me! I am the king!
I say let go of me! I will cut you!
Do the steps as I taught you just now.
The key is to focus on the spell.
Of course. Yes.
Come here, Lucien Renlen.
Okay. [giggling]
This could potentially be very dangerous.
What if he joins up with Kall-Su
as soon as he awakens?
What are you talking about? It'll be fine.
By kidnapping Yoko,
Gara made an enemy of Dark Schneider.
Yeah. 'Kay.
[priest] Besides,
he chose to save the other day, didn't he?
Yes. Bringing him back is risky,
but he's not the same man he was before.
Dark Schneider
has actually changed quite a bit.
He's been sealed for the past 14 years,
living inside the boy, Lucien.
Sharing Lucien's feelings and memories.
Therefore, Dark Schneider's persona
is intertwined with Lucien's.
[Sheila] In the royal family,
a kiss is a sign of marriage.
[Sheila's breath shuddering]
Accept this.
[dramatic music playing]
[Geo] It's risky,
but the fate of the world is at stake.
Dark Schneider is the only one
who can stop Kall-Su
from resurrecting the demon god!
In the name of our dear goddess,
Ino Mata, the Beautiful…
Dark Schneider is our only hope.
There is a great deal
of hidden potential inside of him.
He will be our savior.
Now, release.
[Sheila gasping]
Dark Schneider.
[all gasping]
-[Dark Schneider sighing]
-[priest] What's going on?
He seems different from before.
[Sheila] Uh… [sighing]
Ugh.
I can't believe I let some woman I don't
even know give me a kiss like that.
I am so very confused. Huh?
Geo…
One of your old allies,
Ninja Master Gara, has kidnapped Tia.
-[tense music playing]
-I know what he did.
Please, as her father,
I beg you.
Save my daughter and bring her home.
Please! We need your assistance!
And besides, you've already shown
that Yoko is someone important to you.
And while you're at it,
can you defeat the Four Divine Kings
and stop them
from resurrecting the demon god?
We'll see.
I'm not really feeling it right now.
-That can't be!
-What?
[Sheila gasping]
Maybe it's a good thing
that bossy Yoko's finally gone.
Now I'm free to do whatever I wanna do.
[rock music playing]
How ungrateful of you!
You can't just abandon her!
But before,
you told us that you love Tia Noto Yoko.
Has that changed?
I don't know what you mean.
Why are you acting so strange?
You can't really still be mad at her
for scolding you, can you?
Shut up, old man!
Once I conquer the world,
I can have my way
with any woman my heart desires.
[Sheila gasping]
Yoko or Sheila.
It doesn't really matter to me.
[Sheila gasping]
-You fool! Get away from her!
-[priests gasping]
You horrible pervert!
[priest 2] You are rude and offensive!
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
I see you haven't changed.
You're still an evil man.
So what will happen to Yoko, then?
You think I care?
Oh, and I like me just the way I am.
[Head Priest gasping]
[Geo gasping]
[Sheila's breath shuddering]
I am so disappointed!
-You are a foolish little princess.
-[tense music playing]
[ending theme music playing]
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Gara cackling]
Come on, now.
Be nice and tell me
how to break Dark Schneider's seal.
Or else I get to have my fun.
No way!
Get the hell away from me, creep!
[music fades]